KerbalFoundries - Continued

(link to KF logo)

This is the main development and release thread for the continuation of KerbalFoundries, originally created by Lo-Fi and Galidaas, continued under new development with explicit permissions from the original authors and under the terms of the original licensing.

This mod adds a variety of new parts to KSP that include wheels, tracks, and anti-gravity repulsors.  In the works for the future are landing gear, landing legs, propellers, rotors, and ducted fans.

For a list of features available to the wheels in this mod, please see the KSPWheels documentation ( link to KSPWheel wiki ).

Tweakscale is not needed or supported (though you should be able to have it installed without problem, the wheels will not use TS for scaling).  Scaling of the parts is accomplished through the KSPWheel plugin's native scaling support, and includes configurable scale powers for all scaled variables (rpm, load handling, motor power output).

A set of patches are included that convert the stock wheels to use the KSPWheel system.  This is a potentially game-breaking patch and should only be enabled prior to starting of a new save game.  This patch must be explicitly enabled by the user by changing the files .disabled extension into a standard .cfg extension.


Downloads:
Releases on Github (link to repo releases page)
Releases on CurseForge (link to curse releases page)


Mod Dependencies:
KSPWheel (included)
ModuleManager (included)


Recommended Mods:


Documentation:
Please see the KSPWheel wiki for information regarding the features, functions, and configuration of the PartModules.


Images, screenshots, examples:
(link a couple images of example craft)


Change log:
* 2.0.0.1 (01/15/17)
  * Initial release of KF-C

  
Known Issues:


Future Plans:


Legal and Licensing:
KerbalFoundries - Continued models and art assets from the original Kerbal Foundries are licensed, released, and distributed under CC-BY-NC-SA licensing as per the original license of KerbalFoundries.
(WIP) Adjustable Landing Gear models and art assets are modified from the original versions (created by BahamutoD) and redistributed under permission of license (CC-BY-SA).
This mod uses the KSPWheel API for wheel-collider physics and PartModules, and redistributes it under the terms of its own license ( link to KSPWheel repository ) (GPL 3.0+).
This mod includes and redistributes ModuleManager under the terms of its own license (link to MM thread) (link to MM repository) (link to MM license).


Credits and Acknowledgements:
Lo-Fi - for the creation and development of the KerbalFoundries mod, and for helping figure out some of the physics used in KSPWheel.
Galidaas - for his contribution to the development of the original KerbalFoundries and adaptation of the DustFX code.
